README.md, before:

# phpBB Primetime Extension

phpBB Primetime is an Extension for [phpBB 3.1](https://www.phpbb.com/)

## Description

phpBB Primetime creates a CMS base around your phpBB 3.1 installation

[![Travis](https://img.shields.io/travis/blitze/primetime.svg?style=flat)](https://travis-ci.org/blitze/primetime?branch=develop) [![Scrutinizer](https://img.shields.io/scrutinizer/g/blitze/primetime.svg?style=flat)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/blitze/primetime)

## Features

* Customize your site using blocks of content
* Drag and drop interface for adding/removing blocks
* Customizable block display - background color, title, etc
* Set any front-facing controller as your site's landing page
* Create layouts for each page or set a default layout for your entire site
* Icon picker for choosing blocks/menu icons using font awesome
* Limit access to specific blocks based on group memberships
* Create Menus with nested lists
* Create blocks with your own content using html/bbcode

## Installation

Requires npm

Clone into phpBB/ext/primetime/core:

    git clone https://github.com/blitze/primetime.git phpBB/ext/primetime/core

From command line go to primetime directory: 

    cd phpBB/ext/primetime/core

Install nodejs modules

    npm install

Install bower components

    bower install

Install vendors

    php composer.phar install --dev

Build scripts

    gulp build

Go to "ACP" > "Customise" > "Extensions" and enable the "phpBB Primetime" extension.

## Collaborate

* Create a issue in the [tracker](https://github.com/blitze/primetime/issues)
* Note the restrictions for [branch names](https://wiki.phpbb.com/Git#Branch_Names) and [commit messages](https://wiki.phpbb.com/Git#Commit_Messages) are similar to phpBB3
* Submit a [pull-request](https://github.com/blitze/primetime/pulls)

## Testing

We use Travis-CI as a continuous integration server and phpunit for our unit testing. See more information on the [phpBB development wiki](https://wiki.phpbb.com/Unit_Tests).

## License

[GPLv2](license.txt)

Commit message:

Change extension name to Site Maker

README.md, after:

# phpBB Site Maker Extension

phpBB Site Maker is an Extension for [phpBB 3.1](https://www.phpbb.com/)

## Description

phpBB Site Maker allows you to transform your phpBB3 board into a full-blown site.

[![Travis](https://img.shields.io/travis/blitze/phpBB-ext-sitemaker.svg?style=flat)](https://travis-ci.org/blitze/phpBB-ext-sitemaker?branch=develop) [![Scrutinizer](https://img.shields.io/scrutinizer/g/blitze/phpBB-ext-sitemaker.svg?style=flat)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/blitze/phpBB-ext-sitemaker) [![Code Climate](https://img.shields.io/codeclimate/github/blitze/phpBB-ext-sitemaker/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/blitze/phpBB-ext-sitemaker)

## Features

* Customize your site using blocks of content
* Drag and drop interface for adding/removing blocks
* Customizable block display - background color, title, etc
* Set any front-facing controller as your site's landing page
* Create layouts for each page or set a default layout for your entire site
* Icon picker for choosing blocks/menu icons using font awesome
* Limit access to specific blocks based on group memberships
* Create Menus with nested lists
* Create blocks with your own content using html/bbcode

## Installation

Clone into phpBB/ext/blitze/sitemaker:

    git clone https://github.com/blitze/phpBB-ext-sitemaker.git phpBB/ext/blitze/sitemaker

From command line go to sitemaker directory:

    cd phpBB/ext/blitze/sitemaker

Install vendors

    php composer.phar install --dev

Go to "ACP" > "Customise" > "Extensions" and enable the "phpBB Sitemaker" extension.

## Collaborate

* Create a issue in the [tracker](https://github.com/blitze/phpBB-ext-sitemaker/issues)
* Note the restrictions for [branch names](https://wiki.phpbb.com/Git#Branch_Names) and [commit messages](https://wiki.phpbb.com/Git#Commit_Messages) are similar to phpBB3
* Submit a [pull-request](https://github.com/blitze/phpBB-ext-sitemaker/pulls)

## Testing

We use Travis-CI as a continuous integration server and phpunit for our unit testing. See more information on the [phpBB development wiki](https://wiki.phpbb.com/Unit_Tests).

## License

[GPLv2](license.txt)
