---
id: site-default-layout
title: Setting a Default Layout
---
When you add a block, it is added to that specific page. It would, therefore, be a tedious task to set blocks for all the pages on your site. You can set all the desired blocks for a particular page, then set that page as the default layout. In others words, any page that does not have its own blocks, will inherit blocks from this page.

To set a default layout * Go to the page that you'd like to set as default layout * Click on `Settings` in the admin bar * Click the `Set as default layout` button

Say we add blocks to a page (phpBB/index.php) with blocks in the sidebar and top positions, for example, and set it as our default layout. This has the following effects for other pages: * Any page that does not have its own blocks, will inherit the blocks from the default layout. See [Understanding Block Inheritance](./blocks-inheritance.md) for exceptions. * You may still inherit blocks from a default layout (index.php) but choose to not display blocks on some block positions or not display any blocks at all. To do this, * Go to the page that you don't want all/some blocks to display * Click on `Settings` in the admin bar * Select `Do not show blocks on this page` if you don't want to inherit/display any blocks on this page OR * Use CTRL + click to select the block positions (on the right) that you do not want to display blocks on * In `edit mode`, a page that inherits blocks from the default layout, will not show any blocks, giving you the opportunity to add blocks to the page if you want to * Any page that has its own blocks will not inherit from the default layout